we can't hear the timekeepers voice -
well maybe I can be rectified in a
moment so 6-foot 3-inches Dave Taylor -
a lot of Heights advantage and weight
advantage because he's 16 stone 9 as
opposed to super destroyer people that's
15 - just one and a half stone between
these two men and although they've got
black trunks on fairly easily
identifiable their knee protectors of
both different trouble Pete Roberts and
a blond-haired boy from Chatham up on
the top layer behind him that's Pete
Roberts the black knee protectors
back hammer on Taylor we're useful be
Roberts
I'm attacking move right from the start
not too often we see Pete Roberts take
on somebody taller and stronger and
heavier than himself
not that he's any weekly daily means
he's got more experience than Taylor and
should be an interesting most of the
part here the corset armhole waiting to
the tag but this should be a extremely
good heavy wit contest here
differently from real in charge of this
first part Dave Taylor now the advantage
Dave Taylor from Queensbury Yoshi and
just will one minute left his first
round absence
Roberts again in charge double-headed
risk lever what is checking it caught
Taylor unawares there he Roberts again
time he had perfectly
ossama labor with the lock on it and
just about ten seconds left
I'm clarifying shows us what needs to
expect with his to feed Roberts who has
been in Japan so much recently 'he's
over there at March and he's going over
there again in January of next year Pete
Roberts a good-looking lad from Chatham
originally in smelly from Birmingham I
was to area 15 stone - he's been all
over the world this man seconds away
around - aren't you i Franz to go no
score - falls to the side this part Dave
Taylor Queensbury Yorkshire taller -
dark hair and white knee protectors help
identify him gotta check off the ropes
of 10011
yes
but his own backtracking officer in the
first round side headlock take 16 stone
nine they are a solid muscle
coming across at him and timing it well
Roberts trying to forum his way out of
it from so close pretty unlikely that's
more like it not only time it ever leg
came up right into the West and the side
headlock to Robertson
body check well this one that one since
11 o clock Roberts in trouble from here
the cross breast by Taylor showing off a
two and a half or what I can't remove at
the last second by P Wallace yes nice
trip Roberts again on the attack